README.md, before:

# Text Generator Web App Template
This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Config App
Create a file named `.env.local` in the current directory and copy the contents from `.env.example`. Setting the following content:
```
# APP ID
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_ID=
# APP API key
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_KEY=
# APP API URL
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=
```

Config more in `config/index.ts` file:   
```js
export const APP_INFO: AppInfo = {
  title: 'Chat APP',
  description: '',
  copyright: '',
  privacy_policy: '',
  default_language: 'zh-Hans'
}

export const isShowPrompt = true
export const promptTemplate = ''
```

## Getting Started
First, install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn
# or
pnpm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

> ⚠️ If you are using [Vercel Hobby](https://vercel.com/pricing), your message will be trucated due to the limitation of vercel.

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Feat: support workflow (#20)
* chore: fix version of Next.js

* workflow run api supported

* support workflow process

* add scripts of editor

README.md, after:

# Text Generator Web App Template

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Config App

Create a file named `.env.local` in the current directory and copy the contents from `.env.example`. Setting the following content:

```
# APP ID
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_ID=
# APP API key
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_KEY=
# APP API URL
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=
# APP type
# true for workflow apps
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_TYPE_WORKFLOW=
```

Config more in `config/index.ts` file:

```js
export const APP_INFO: AppInfo = {
  title: 'Chat APP',
  description: '',
  copyright: '',
  privacy_policy: '',
  default_language: 'zh-Hans'
}

export const isShowPrompt = true
export const promptTemplate = ''
```

## Getting Started

First, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn
# or
pnpm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

> ⚠️ If you are using [Vercel Hobby](https://vercel.com/pricing), your message will be trucated due to the limitation of vercel.

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
